second surgical strike ho  the airforce ndestroyed 3 launch pads... nrahul gandhi can begin his drama for asking
this...song is full...Of Josh... this can Work As .......
HOW THE JOSH
A nation who kills their own soldiers for politics is the worst nation on the this earth ... Gay Hind
Song ko sun ne ke baad ye lagta hai desh ke kuch bhi kar dege     if you agree hit the like button
Once more surgical strike
Hii
Who is with India . please army do another  surgical strike India will win.
107 nWhen u saw the victory..nKudos Indian Army
Hit a like for Vicky kaushal
Watch this to get confidence for ... AND YOU WOULD PERFORM WONDERS.
It is the time fore another surgical strike
Time comes for another surgical
Asal surgikal striak palwama me hoa he jisss ki cheeekhe pore dunya sun rahi
Aysi hi film bna k bdla lyte ho kya pakistan

We want this
PKMKB
Sup
nice song
Bharat Mata ki JainHows the Josh
6.6k dislikers wo terrorists unka sur dhad se alag kr denge
RIP Pakistan in advance
PKMKB PKMKC
We want war ..........
Best movie ever made on patriotism...SALUTE TO ALL THE INDIAN SOLDIERSnnJAI HIND
Indian army are best
Best of best song
A wonderful  movie  about  soldiers
Who are 6.8 dislikes
Proud to be an iaf pilot nnnJai hind
i watched these more than 3 to 4 times in a day
039 goosebumps  Indian Army celebrates Diwali
Incredible broooooo Feeling really proud Josh High sir
this is really good song for inspection
Oh my God Pakistan is on their heads.... they them selves are terrorists . India sent kulbhooshan to kill innocent school kids in APS... such shameless country... India has its commercial terrorist quarters in Balochistaan still they day dream that world thinks them the most modest country ...whole world slaped on their face .n Your people had to face worst replies at all forums ... shame on you guys .. we dont give it a care what India thinks and plans for us and they cant sleep without thinking about PAKISTAN... GAY Hind
Best song of 2019
We dont want one more surgical strike but we want one Pakistan to destroy
039 its too good
Uri was the best film
Galat fahmyo me jine wale log ho tum log
Hahaha... Well ek bar ao tu sahi pakistan  ek cement ki bori se 72 bhagwan bana k poojnay waley or cow moot peenay wAlay Pakistan se lardain ge hahaha... Pakistan ka hr banda Mujahid hy or hum shahadat ki mout se itna hi piyar krte hain jitna tum apni bloody slum life se krte ho.. Tu sirf films mein hi surgical strikes kr saktay ho bloody gaye moot Indians...
Only Indian baad me hindu muslim
Pulawama
You are afraid to give pakistan a proof that we attacked on you and you want a second surgical strike and if your army will attack on us our army will do the same thing that we did in 1965 and then you will run away like a coward
Very good song very very good song I love this song
Sir i want movie how to dwd this plsssss
Sir ee moviee kavali ela dwd chesukovali plz chepppandi sir evaraina
No doubt film is good but asli heros hamesa parde ke piche rehete hai.we r indain we loves soldiers. jai hind
Representing India from America bitches Jai hind
6.6 k porkis dislike
When i saw this movie my mind Changed from doctor to army and I will definitely save my country
Nice song
Aab hoga pulwama The surgical strike.nnHows the Josh...n.nnnJai hind
Salute to India and the soldiers  died inn PULWAMA ATTACK nRIP PAKISTANnPROUD TO BE INDIANS
Goosebumps guaranteed
Pakistan murdabad Pakistan murdabad Pakistan murdabad I hated Pakistan a lot after Pulwama attack
Ye gaana sunke mere ko roangte khade ho jaate hai
Jo bhi pakistani dekh rhe honge unki mut nikal gye hogi
Bharat mata ki jay
No words to praise this movie really best movie ever...Jai Hind
We want brutal attack on Pakistan no mercy in Pakistan
This time no surgical strike this time all out war and take back the rest of Kashmir to India where it belongs
0034 look of Prabhu Deva was coming
Love for Indian army
Jor se bolo pakistan ki maa ka
Jai hind
ab nayi movie aayegi. PULWAMA  THE SURGICAL STRIKE
our hearts are full of pain and sorrow for our martyr crpf jawans ..... they are like our relative and friends ....our protector....we the people of India want proper justice ....not from out side country but we must teach Pakistan a good lesson....teach those  leader a proper and good lesson.....jai hind jai jawan....
the time for
Full of Josh and pkmkb
Awsmmmmmmm song
Bestsong
To motivate myself after Pulwama Attack. It gives me hope of once more attack on pak
We want another surgical strike on terroristan
Someone is looking really hot yaar
Mind blowing song
lall jabaj
Pakistan you all are looser
Hows the Josh
Hows the khauf to Pakistani Army very High SirnHows the Support to Indian Army nVery very very High Sir 135
Hahahahaha
My favorite song
We dont need a surgical strike war.. We need to end pakistan.. Rest in peace our crpf soldiers.. May their soul rest in peace... Jai Hind Jai Bharat..Vande Matram
Tribute to Great Indian Army JAI HIND
Song of Every
Zero dark thirty
6.5k unlike desh drohi h sale
Nice movie
6.5k terrorists
Saalo ko chodna nahi hai .dobara maarna woh bhi 100 gunah gusse se.jai hind
Those artillery shots are
How is the Josh
Yr plz Lado Mt is tarah agar kisi aur country ke logo ne dekha to kya sochenge......we respect our God Bhagwan allah jis bhi roop me hai vo....
Ab ek aur surjical strike hogi aurr....pakistan will  dead meat...
Proud to be an Indian..
I love Indian Army my dream Indian Army
If you like india put a like hear
